### Late Teens: Poetry from 17 to 19
***
### <div align="center">Prologue</div>

Hello,

<div align="right">It’s weird now. I find myself grieving my past and fearing my future. For so long</div> I’ve been held together by a thread that I pulled tight- so tight that I think it has snapped and I’m beginning to come undone. But picking myself back up has been a seminal experience, and what seems to define the general vibe of “your 20’s”. Below is a collection of poetry, I call it “Late-teens”. It started when I was 17 and I was feeling too much emotion that I had too little ways of expressing. I always had outlets like theater, soccer, work, etc.; but a second year into some little pandemic you may have heard of made all of those outlets inaccessible. I wrote something down in my notes, and sent it to two of my friends… they really liked it. Their genuine appreciation made me feel something I haven’t in so long, something that was so desperately missing from the fabric of my body. I decided that I would continue to write down these poems until my next birthday and collect them into one body of work, aptly titled “17”. However, i soon realized that 18 didn’t feel far different from 17… you’re still a “teen” after all. So I decided to continue writing these poems and combine “18” with “17”- and then “19”. I had three years of work in my hands. A written record of my emotional state through some of the most transformative times I went through. I wrote about everything from romance and fear and deep sadness, politics and the earth and subjects i liked (but mostly romance hehe). I knew what I wanted to do with all of this: put it somewhere on the internet, free so I can share my work with people who might also like it as much as I do. On my twentieth birthday, I decided that I would upload it online for all to see. That was almost a year ago (life has a funny way of not moving forward sometimes). Now here I am, approaching the anniversary of my stagnation- finally feeling the fire under my ass to do the thing I kept telling myself I had to get to over and over and over, and over, again. So here it is: “Late-teens”. While the poems have been compiled into three sections by my age, i have also preserved the order I wrote them in and have not made any future edits; what you see below is how I intended it to exist when I was 17, 18, 19. Perhaps you can see a sort of… progress in all of it. Enjoy my little pop culture and history references mixed in with existential yearning and lust, and other ramblings.

Thank you (with love),

RA

P.S. If you cringe at something I wrote, just know that I probably cringed too rereading it  years later. But cringe culture is lowkey dead anyway… embrace authenticity.
